>> Brian: All right so
let's go do another route.
Let's go do details.js.
Here.
Why is this upset?
>> Brian: One more thing.
>> Brian: Why is this
still in preact compat.
>> Brian: That's interesting.
>> Brian: Okay, good.
It's in a weird state.
So should be good to go
now here in details.js.
So I'm gonna come in here and
rename details.js to be details.tsx.
>> Brian: Okay.
>> Brian: So, a couple of things up here.
>> Brian: So
up here from pet finder client.
>> Brian: We're gonna import, some types.
So pet finder client exports
some types that you can use,
so one of them is gonna be pet response.
And one of them's going
to be called PetMedia.
Now what's cool about this, notice that
it knows PetMedia already exists on there
that's because I wrote the TypeScript
definitions for you and
it can read those TypeScript definitions.
And those are already
available to up here.
>> Brian: And then here it's gonna
enforce some more safety on us so
we'll get there in just a second.
>> Brian: But notice it's already
made a bunch of errors for us.
It's like hey this isn't public or
private.
You need to make that public or
private so.
These ones we're going
to say state is public,
because it can be modified by React.
This is gonna be public.
These are gonna be public.
So, that solves some problems.
So hey, you have ID and I don't really
know what ID is, where's that coming from?
Well, you have to tell React what
its props that it expects are.
So the way that we can do that
is-
>> Brian: Through
this thing called route component props.
So what we can do is provide React ways
of knowing what types are gonna come in.
Because this is a route,
we need to tell it that hey some
of these props are gonna
be coming from each router.
So we're gonna tell it's gonna come
from route component props right here.
This one at the top.
We're going to click that.
Imports that from reach router and
the one coming from that is gonna
be an object that looks like this.
And it's gonna be an ID and string.
So let's deconstruct that a little bit.
These are called generics.
So a React component can have
various types of props and strings.
It's flexible in that sense, right?
And then from reach router.
If you remember in our app.js.
The ID here is coming from the route.
So we have to tell TypeScript expect
this ID to come from the route.
Getting a little bit toward some
advanced type scripture, but
this is gonna be super helpful for you.
>> Brian: So getting back to
details.tsx we're telling it hey,
expect the ID from the route.
>> Brian: Okay, so
that's where that comes from.
So now you'll notice down here
where it was erroring out and
said hey-
>> Brian: Where's the ID?
Right here.
Now it's not erring out an ID, right?
Now it's like,
I know where that comes from.
It comes from each router.
>> Brian: So a bunch of this stuff, it's
gonna say like, hey, this isn't any type.
I don't know what this is, so you have to
identify a bunch of these other things.
One thing I was going to show you here,
while i'm thinking about it.
There's a browser extension for
TSLint, that you should install
it if you're using VS Code,
this one right here, the TSLint one.
That'll show you in your VS Code instance
right away, here are your errors.
Okay model.tsx.
No sorry, details.tsx.
So it's gonna say here
hey process.m.api key.
I don't know like that might be undefined.
That might not be there.
What happens if someone starts this
application without process.m.api key?
So you have to do, again,
a type refinement is like if this
doesn't happen, stop the application.
So if I try and
build this without process.env.API_KEY, or
without process.env.API_SECRET,
>> Brian: Then throw a new error,
no API keys.
So now, at this point, TypeScript knows
that, hey, if I get past this point,
I know for a fact API_KEY exists, and
I know for a fact API_SECRET exists, so
I'm golden at this point.
So that's what this type
refinement is doing.
>> Speaker 2: Also yes,
if this stops props.id?
>> Speaker 2: Not this
stops props completely?
Yeah.
>> Brian: Yeah,
I guess that's what you would have to do.
So if it doesn't pass it I guess
if they don't pass in anything,
you would not do this request, right?
>> Brian: Sometimes you gotta give
it a little bit of a kickstart.
Nope.
>> Speaker 3: We did a return.
>> Brian: Just return?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
Can [INAUDIBLE] all of this?
>> Brian: Yep, it does.
It's quite sophisticated with that stuff.
>> Brian: There we go.
So now at this point, it says like.
>> Brian: I know for
a fact that ID's gonna be there.
So you can see here,
this question mark right there.
ID question mark means it
might not be there, so
you need to handle this night null case.
>> Brian: Okay.
>> Brian: Next thing.
>> Brian: Inside of Pet.get then.then.
Up here you're gonna say hey,
if they don't come back with
data.petfinder.pet we
need to handle that case.
I'll just say navigate to slash.
>> Brian: And then return.
>> Brian: Exclamation, there you go.
Now it knows, it's like,
okay, I know pet's there.
So then it fixed all those errors.
So this is a common thing for
me with petfinder.
Sometimes I kind have to massage and
fight the types a little bit before
they're like, okay, now you got it.
Right?
But now I'm guaranteed this
ain't gonna crash, okay?
As long as this comes back as a pet
response, this is not gonna crash.
And now, this one is upset.
What are you upset about?
>> Brian: Cannot use JSX unless,
class new.
That's what it is.
In your tsconfig.json, jsx right there.
Yep, uncomment that one and
say-
>> Brian: React, you have to
let TypeScript knows like by the way,
I'm doing some React stuff in here.
So that's line nine in
here in your tsconfig.
>> Brian: Okay?
So now going into details.tsx,
now everything's okay with details.tsx.
Okay, so far so good.
Nailing it.
[LAUGH]